In this video, I'd like to take a few minutes and talk about the challenge
exercises in this course.
Most sections of the course will have a challenge exercise
that you can attempt to solve.
The challenges will range from simple at the beginning of the course
to very, very challenging toward the end of the course.
These challenges are programming challenges
in which you'll typically be given a description of the challenge
and the project files to start you off.
In addition to the challenge description,
I'll also explain the challenge in video
and walk you through the expected output.
These challenges are a great opportunity for you to apply what you've learned in each section
and code a c++ solution that works and solves the challenge.
Once you complete the challenge, you can watch a video
of my solution to the challenge so you can compare to your own.
Remember there are many, many ways to solve the same problem
and my solution is just one way,
but it will provide a solution to the same problem that you can learn from.
I encourage you to make up self-challenges as well.
The more code you write and the more you practice, the more comfortable you'll become with
c++ and the better your code will become.
It's okay if you can't fully complete the challenge.
They're not called challenges for nothing.
Do the challenges at your own pace. No pressure,
have fun, experiment, and keep trying even if you get frustrated.
Before you know you'll be solving complex
problems and creating your own object-oriented programs.